# EPISODE 2: Strange robot and chase

The centrum universe was protected into one island when the most powerful King protected it… This was the King of the Seas, The King Tea Man. He was protecting the island so nobody to pass, if someone was close to the island, with the seas he could scare everyone to just go away, for don't someone make the mistake of making the The universe is more unstable, he was unknown, always in the water only to protect this island, the island was before the center of discord, but is still that, but more destroyed. His appearance was never shown to anyone, just a heavy + Golden Crown, but there only was a second King on the island, it was a bumpy banger. He was just a turtle King, tea was protecting Bumpy too, bumpy was known cuz he could make turtles attack without mercy.

DAY 2: The chase, and a strange robot.

After a few hours of chasing, they found a dark hallway closed, and they lost Boris and Hab until they found two more people… "Night" And "Sus Man \[ Nooby ]" "So you two are hiding from that creature too?" - Asked nooby - "Yes, who are you two" - "We are nooby and night. We survived together, and we found… this strange robot, we don't know how to power it up." - Night said that, but then Moth got close to the robot and then tried to control it… nothing happened. until of all a sudden powers it up - "Ugh. What happened?" - Said the robot with a distorted robotic voice - "You… How.." - Moth tried to shut down but he didn't have access to the system - "Calm down, I won't hurt you, I just need what happened to this world." - Said the robot trying his best to sound normal. But his core was almost destroyed - "What happened to you? - "I don't remember that. I just remember being attacked and then my system got into safe mode." - said that robot, but then out of a sudden, Boris found them and attacked. The robot jumped at Boris and then a fight started. The robot was waiting for Boris to pass, but Boris was biting for a pass, which was hurting the robot but the robot landed a punch, and then in the sky made Boris eat the floor making him fall at maximum speed and kaboom. A crack makes Boris faint, Hab finds out that, grabs Boris, and then runs away. - "Too slow and that is quite strong." - Said the robot, cleaning the dust of the fight. - "How much strength you have" - "I don't know to be honest moth. - "Wait how do you know my name... - "I know all names on this earth, but one thing is this is gonna end now. Now this is safe, we need to run until we find a good place - Everyone agreed, and then they leave from there

* COMMUNICATION... -

"Idiots... They don't know, the 5 are not gonna make it in time. And of course, I wanted this server go to into dust. But of course, I needed to follow the stupid "King turtle" I needed to kill them, fast, and even then fast, I needed to kill that betrayed angel in a robot body. Felix."

* END OF COMMUNICATION -
